asher - 0:21 into day 3
fyda thru E3
JPPG, IGC, quasi on YT




for master key:
 - need multiple 'auxiliary' screenshots on a screen (e.g. house interior) as well as main map thing
 - need compositing (light bubbles) as well as choosing (e.g. after bushes cut), in addition to aux. stuff
 - need zone names (for like 'dungeon 1')

general:
 - would be good to redo layout so i can capture/project a useful map, though still not sure what is best
 - i rarely used zoom, and preferred seeing whole map and marker-abstractions, so maybe always just zoom to see all map + 2 tiles on each end?
 - (can always print to see full zoomable map in another image/photo tool; printing to game folder, all zones, by name, maybe in a date folder)
 - my color icons were kinda insufficient as like red X and green X might overwrite each other... kinda want more uniques, or like each color has own left-right jitter so can see both

it's awkward that clicking shifts the view and then mouse cursor is now hovering a different tile so the one you wanted is obscured by the popup

feature to interact with coords in text to go there, e.g. one way bubbleeater travel, or to fasttravel hub, etc
 - and then map out bottom right bubble eaters to test the visualization etc
(all connectivity? like up left down right exits too?)

are hashtags per zone or global? (should be global?) do testing






deal with TODOs in code



watching dwarf play VS: would want multiple screenshots per room (e.g. B029 floor, then B029 mural), but mark one as canonical (as opposed to AnimalWell-compositing)
 - or maybe in AW I will also want 'auxilary screenshots' as well as compositing?


maybe turn off meta area (and NUMPAD_STAR cycles) when unused?



dwarf idea about partial screenshot (e.g. alien font, VS mural square) mapping to letters, how to deal with


aside: my tool could use c&p to help solve tail puzzle in VS

animal well pencil, i made way to 'draw' in ztracker, again a 'draw' layer could be good

since i can already pull up full size screenshot, having a way to click bounds a clip a section (e.g. idol out of VS screenshot) could be useful... then e.g. set up
way to make dwarf's translator, where I have a row of screenshot clips, and a row of alphabet, and a way to click one row input and get other row output...
basically, try to list all the scenarios it would be nice to support, and see if there is a cleanish way to unify them all under my 
screenshot-grid-with-associated-other-data whole theme i have going on...
scenario: even for non-screen-based games (e.g. hero's spirit), taking screenshots of like NPC dialogs and having a 'zone' for each area and just placing screenshots haphazard is useful

------------------------------------------


and I'm already forgetting keys, need cheatsheet
    2468   move
    0      screenshot
    +-     paste cut
    *      change projection (full screen, map area, metadata area)
    /      edit note
    79     change zoom
    .      toggle #TODO note (e.g. take better notes after this recording session)
    13     unused
mousing: hover shows cell, click to move cursor to that cell
also mousing for infrequent stuff (e.g. key search/highlight)



root directory for games (debug v release, change games, catalogue? app data folders?)


Leaf's odysssey also has
 - left HUD
 - screen names like elephantasy
so I probably want to 
 - capture whole screenshot
 - have a projection mechanism to toggle whole versus just map area
 - have a way to capture metadata from a projection and display it too (e.g. grid of screen names, or screen name in summary area)
and I'll be playing/capturing 2x or 3x resolution, so want to downscale screenshots/images like Elephantasy to save disk/processing/etc



time travel/review
